When your legs don't work like they used to
before.
And I can't sweep you off of your feet.
Well, you might still remember the taste of
my love.
Will your eyes still smile from your cheeks?
And, darling, I.
Will be loving you till we're
70.
And baby. My.
Hot stuff.
All ass hot at 23.
And I'm thinking about how people fall in
love in
mysterious ways.
Maybe just the touch of a hand.
Me. I fall in love with you every single
day.
And I just want to tell you, I.
Honey now.
Take me to your loving arms.
Kiss me.
Of a thousand suns.
Place your head on my beating heart.
I'm thinking out loud that maybe we find
love right where we are.
When my hair's all gone in, my memory fades.
And the crowds don't remember my name.
When my hands don't play the strings the
same way
I know you will still love me the same.
Because, honey, your soul can never grow
all It's evergreen.
Baby all smiles forever in my
mind and memory.
I'm thinking about how people fall in love
in
mysterious ways.
Maybe it's all part of the plan.
I'll just keep on making the same mistakes,
hoping
that.
You'll understand.
The baby now.
Take me into your loving arms.
Kiss me. Light of a thousand suns.
Place your head on my beating heart.
Thinking out loud.
Maybe we found a love, right when we.
Hello. La, la.
La la la.
So, baby, now.
Take me to your loving arms.
Kiss me Under the light of a thousand sighs.
Oh, darling.
Place your head.
On my beating heart.
I'm thinking. Oh, love.
And maybe we found love, right?
We are.
And maybe we.
Well, maybe we found love.
Right.
When we.
Take me into your loving arms.
Kiss me. Of a thousand suns.
Place your head on my beating heart.
Thinking out loud.
Maybe we found a love.